Add Claim and Swap Example (#21)
cowdao-grants/cow-shed: README.md

Two examples are included for reference:
1. [`./examples/mintDaiAndSwap.ts`](./examples/mintDaiAndSwap.ts) - In this example, the user approves the proxy contract to take actions on its behalf on the maker protocol and uses prehooks to just-in-time(JIT) borrow DAI right before the DAI gets swapped to COW.
2. [`./examples/swapAndBridge.ts`](./examples/swapAndBridge.ts) - In this example, the user uses the proxy address as the receiver for the swapped tokens and in the posthook it bridges the exact amount of swap output([weiroll](https://github.com/weiroll/weiroll) is used for this) to gnosis chain with user's address as the recipient.

> 3. [`./examples/swapAndBridge.ts`](.examples/claimAndSwap) - In this example, the user claims WETH from a Llama Pay vesting contract using a prehook right before swapping it to COW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [`./examples/claimAndSwap.ts`](.examples/claimAndSwap) - In this example, the user claims WETH from a Llama Pay vesting contract using a prehook right before swapping it to COW.
```

> 3. [`./examples/swapAndBridge.ts`](.examples/claimAndSwap) - In this example, the user claim a WETH from Llama Pay from a vesting contract using a prehook right before swap it to CoW.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. [`./examples/swapAndBridge.ts`](.examples/claimAndSwap) - In this example, the user claims WETH from a Llama Pay vesting contract using a prehook right before swapping it to COW.
```
does this read better?
